Q1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
A1. A diff between two versions of a file reduces the volume of text that needs to be examined for differences.

Q2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
A2. Access to a file's change history makes it easy to see what changes were made and what motivated the change. This makes it easier and more efficient to find coding or logic errors.

Q3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
A3. PROS: A modified capability can be tested and verified prior to a commit.
    CONS: User has to make a decision about the size (breadth and depth) of a commit.

Q4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
A4. VCS's like Git need to consider multiple files since they are usually interdependent and execute together to solve a solution. Systems like Google Docs do not, in general, work with file interdependencies.

Q5. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
A5. Use git log to see the history of commits and author explanations regarding the change. Use git diff to see the details of changes in each file of the commit: lines added, lines deleted, and lines changed.

Q6. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
A6. Version control can provide confidence in knowing that changes can be made to any and all files in the repository without fear that previously working code will be lost. A programmer will be able to discover errors and revert any/all changes made to the repository files at any time.

Q7. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
A7. Training projects and personal code development.
